The games is good and all, but there are still few bugs to fix. One of the most noticeable is the cutting nails mini-game. Sometimes the nails aren't cut even if you're sure that you've sliced that nail. One thing i've noticed is that it is easier to touch nail than sliding your finger across the nail. Tappibg is more acurate than slicing. But aside from that (which i hope will be fixed), a very subtle game in which even a busy person can play since it is not very time consuming.

It is really good but when you get all the cat, the furnitures, it's really getting boring. And please make my partner home faster, it has more fun when I see my character with my partner. Also, if you can add the "name" button for the cat's names, please add. My cats hate me and it has been a day. Sometimes my character dont move to places, I mean last day, when I downloaded AH again, it didn't move. Just sitting on the bed with my partner and if I didnt remove the bed, she wouldn't move for 2d

This game is really ADORABLE!!💕 Really enjoyed much of playing this game. But also, sometimes I really get bored because of limited and long waiting interactions. I would like to suggest that you may add some animations to our characters and the same time we can make them walk wherever we want to go. Also, some chores like cleaning, cooking and etc. Also add some outing like mall for buying grocery items needed and some clothing too. Anyways, this game is really good keep it up!😊

I love this game! So much that I immediately installed the new bedroom update. But now some items I've placed inside rooms keep disappearing. I go to "Mine" and place the items back. They appear in the preview, but disappear when I switch rooms. I don't know what happened. 😭 Also, I wish there was a way to save/back-up your progress. It would be a nice feature if you have to change phones and reinstall. Edit: A few hours later and things seem back to normal although still a little glitchy.

It was good, the game itself. However, it was boring when i already bought all the cats and the other scenes, by the way I am looking forward for the bathroom. I think the game will be more entertaining if you add children that the husband & wife will care for. That's my opinion about this game. And I think we would be more satisfied if you will think about that. THANKYOU I HOPE YOU WILL CONSIDER MY SUGGESTION AS A PLAYER... 😊❤️

I like it so much!!! And I honestly want to say that, this game are really addictive!! To the point that you want to had a lot of games included. And I just want to say that, if you added a kitchen where we can cook our foods rather than buying. Added some room where we can change the character's cloth. A room where we can change the color of the wall like that. And an ideal room where we can also check if our cats are fine or it had a flu. Please creator add this one to that game!!!!

I enjoyed playing the game very much. I can renovate my place however I like with the items in the store. Being able to play with my cats is also fun. But sometimes my items or furniture would suddenly dissapear in my lounge, tho there are not totally gone. I can still see them in the storage but I cant see them in my lounge. I think its a bug. I can still see them after a while but it would be better if that woudn't happen. Overall its a great game. (pls excuse my wrong grammar if there is any)

Love this game, but I noticed some bugs after the recent update. Some of the furnitures are missing yet they still exists on the inventory, in my case, the ladder and the red lamp. Also, some of my cats are missing, in my case, only 3 appears: 2 on the garden and 1 in the lounge, others are nowhere to be found. I don't know if this is part of the game, but I hope you can give further clarifications or fixes about this.

It is interesting, but the cooldown of each cat is kind of taking too much time. Not to mention that the character is rather boring, just sitting on the couch without any movements and extra necessities. Too little stuffs in the market but each price is satisfactory. Even with these flaws, the game is still good. Hope you'll make the game more satisfying and not kind of boring, or the game won't last long.

This game is fun and very interesting. But I have to rate this for only 4 star for some reason. Firstly, the game might have some problems with it. Sometimes my cats and furnitures in the lounge become missing then I tried to look in 'mine' it is still 'placed' but how come it won't show up. Also my cats has been missing for some time and then showing up again on another time. GUYS YOU NEED TO FIX THIS. Second, the time for each activities for each cats are way too long.

The graphic is pretty adorable like the name of this game. However, it's a little bit bored cuz of not having much interaction between two characters in the game and bugs too. The items and sometimes the characters always disappear by somehow. I hope the game's foundation will fix it soon. And one more thing I want to ask is how to save game data, where I can find it. I'm looking forward your answer. Thank you.

I really loved this game. It's very addicting actually but however I have a problem. In the lounge area, All the furnitures just disappeared. I tried what my friend told me, To cancel all the furnitures and put them back again. It work once, but not anymore. So I would like you to fix this problem because this game is too addicting for me and too beautiful. So please.

The game is really cute and I really enjoy that aspect of it, but the mini games are buggy, and very hard (and frustrating) to play. The game I have the most trouble with is the cat petting game, it gives you no indication where to pet, and its difficult to get it to even give you any hearts even if you're petting the cat in places it likes. I wish I could give this game a better rating, the story is super cute, and I love the art. I just cant enjoy it as much as I would if it were polished out

I really love playing it. It's fun and enjoyable however just this morning when I woke up the characters got missing, I insanely thought they got stolen by Poly?(penguin). I restarted my phone already but it seemed like I'm facing the same error. I put away and put back the furniture but still no effect. I don't want to uninstall it. Please help us out because I found out I'm not the only one having this issue. I'll still give 5 stars b'coz the game itself is awesome, I just don't like the bug.

I actually love the game apparently, its not that flexible. It's limited. I wish you could redesign the living room, change the position of the furnitures and stuffs, rename your pet, and be able to walk around. Also, adding daily activities to gain more hearts will make it more fun. One more thing, zoom in and zoom out would be great too.

I LOVE this game! I am only writing this review in hope that the developers will see it, there is a big where items have disappeared. Besides the bug, this game is perfect. I wouldn't say relaxing but it is great. A tip is GET CATS. You can earn "love" a lot faster with more cats. Seriously great game. Also, ads are optional almost every single time. The only time they aren't optional is when you catch fireflies but, catching is optional.

after the new update (with the bedroom and stuff), the game won't work properly. it gets stuck on the intro with the LakeQueen. It won't even get to the title. I've tried to wait long enough but it still won't progress. I don't wanna lose my progress tho, that's why i don't want to clear my data. Before the update, everything was working normally, everything's smooth etc. i just hope this gets fixed. Also the notification now shows my spouse's name and then "error" literally. ex. wendy error

I love this game but I would like more interaction with the characters and more items in the house. Also, every time I exit the game, I get tons of notifications that my cats feel lonely and my partner is back but I just played the game. He's not back and my cats are full. Sometimes too, some of my things just disappear. Please fix this. Thank you.

It's fun to play for some unknown reason even if the game aren't exciting at all. I think it's the fact that you can mix and match furnitures, and it'll look different from the next player. However, I don't like the fact that cats and furnitures keep on missing! Also, the dimensions of the bedroom keeps on changing as well. One moment, everything is zoomed in, and the furnitures are cut out of the picture. It's annoying! Please fix these issues -- I am using Samsung Galaxy Note 8.

There's a system issue and it's not reverting back to the app after an advertisement. Also, the touch sensitivity is very bad... I'd tap on the cat or on the other options, multiple times, and it won't always recognize it. This only happens in this app and I'm able to type this message normally. If I could send a screenshot of the app issue somewhere, that'd be great.

It's a good game tbh but you need to add more action on this game. Like cleaning the dishes or controlling the player. It's kinda boring when your character is only sitting on the couch, outside, etc. And also the couple needs more interaction. I suggest that we can play it online like you can choose your partner and you two can play. We can also have a party or what somewhere. That would be totally awesome

I have to be honest! Luvluv this game so much. But a little bit of suggestion. I hope the next update you would consider to let us sell our furnitures that aren't useful anymore in exchange of hearts and also more interaction with the partner, they are always gone for so long. Alsoooo... Maybe, adding up more things to do while waiting for the cats to load up. Thank you for this game tho!!!! 💚💚

The game is cute and the graphics are great. But could you please enhance it, like for example, we can do our make up in the dresser, take a bath in the bathroom or wear and style different clothes from the cabinet. We should move around the house on our own and decide where we would want to be. And if possible, please add other rooms, like the dining room, kitchen (where we can prepare breakfast, lunch or dinner and the bento box) or even a swimming pool, perhaps, to make it more enjoyable.

The game is very entertaining. I hope they could improve it by adding more games to play with the cats. More rooms like a balcony, kitchen, garage, etc. And adding more furnitures and decorating options like the walls and floor. More character and breed if cats too. They could add so much more to make the game more interesting and I hope more update will be coming soon just like the bathroom.

I'm enjoying this game but I suggest that in the next update you can now move the cats and the characters. Then the well, pond, aquarium, tv and the piano will have a moving effect. Aside from that, I would also like to suggest to have more preferences in furnitures and to customize their own house by changing the color of the floor and wall. It will also be great if the character can have their own family not just pets and the character will also prepare foods for their children.

i love the game but it always hang after one game, i need to exit the game to re-open and start a new game and the most dissapointing are the chest reward it never adds to my coins i already had 4chest reward all are wasted because i can't get the reward it will open the chest but won't add to my coins😥😭. can you fix the problem please? i'll rate it 5star if the problems fixed. looking forward for the help. thanks.

This game have no guide or tutorial. Hard part to understand this game is : 1. Item effect (until now, I don't know what antenna symbol effect) 2. Move fast (I don't understand how to move fast until accidently I touch screen using 2 finger) 3. Score point (why score point can decrease? I don't understand) For the gameplay, graphics, and control it's perfect than other IO game outhere.

It is a little frustrating when you need to find a power up in order to zoom out and actually see objects around you... It would be a little easier to see if you near the edge of the map or where more food/power ups are located if you didn't need the zoom out power ups. Other than that, this game is fun, easy, and extremely entertaining. Im really glad that you can play offline, and that you can create your own worm, there's endless possibilities!😊

Yes it is addicting and fun BUT your score will eventually decrease. Mine was 1M and it went down to 200k. What's up with that? I even read a similar review here and the developer just responded "we are glad that you liked our game" or something like that. So if you are the type of person that likes to challenge yourself with the highest score possible, this game is not for you. And developers, seriously, fix the bug regarding the score issue.

This game is quite fun and addictive but, I just have one request because the save me thingy costs a lot but it doesn't let you continue your current size and score. So, pls. let us continue in the next update and pls. fix this, thank you.

I really enjoy this game I wish there were a way to create your own room and invite your friends. Also would like to know what the coins are worth. For instance when I get one coin in game is it only worth one coin or multiple. Anyways great game

- Progress not saved when you conect to social then restor it. - hight score will not saved if user finish the game than revive with ADS, but interup to close apps before the ads done. - frist play the game fun but there are some x factor make user not comfort. - fix this issue then 5 star to you.

It's amazing! Kinda like wormate.io, I am the worst at it lol. Nice skins, what would be better is more controls. I am good with classic/arrow mode but this only has joystick mode and I'm bad with that but keep up the good work guys! 👍😀

I have tried slither.io and this one. In terms of skin, I would definitely prefer slither becase they give out free beautiful skins for the worm. We need to wait for quite awhile for worms zone to give us a new skin only when we reached a certain level. In terms of gameplay, this is definitely wayy better because there's no lagging unlike slither and the potions and food are reallyyy nice graphically.

at first it was good, and then after a few updates it got all lagged and full of bugs. the major one is when you bought a customized skin. after you close and re-open the app, the skin is changed even without you changing it. please fix it.

THIS game is fun and addicting. I suggest at the new update you change the function where we use coins to continue with our lives, what i mean is instead of us starting over with the same score and small again, it should continue with the same size. Thanks

I loved this game, its makes me happy ahahha lol, but seriously this is awesome, i have been experience in the number 1 spot, o m g!! The worm is getting bigger and bigger so that you would able to kill some worms also -my self rank 1 with 887,000 ❤️💚❤️💚

java.lang.RuntimeException: Unable to start activity ComponentInfo{com.wildspike.wormszone/com.wildspike.wormszone.GameActivity}: The SDK has not been initialized, make sure to call FacebookSdk.sdkInitialize() first. at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivity(ActivityThread.java:2747) at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivity(ActivityThread.java:2808) at android.app.ActivityThread.-wrap12(ActivityThread.java) at android.app.ActivityThread$H.handleMessage(ActivityThread.java

I really love this game but when the score started to go down that's the worst thing I really hate that don't wanna play more and I see other reviews game owner or staff just reply for those feed back who write good but people who have compiled about score getting lower they don't reply so it's much better stop playing this game all whoever facing this problem stop playing

This app deceives you that it's an online game. But really you are just playing with bots. You can test it by turning off your wifi and mobile data. It's a fun game but lying to the downloader that it's online is unacceptable.

Bad. Always lags and then after a few seconds, it kicks me out. I killed 2 players and then when I was getting to the 2nd snake I killed, it froze, and KICKED ME OUT. THIS GAME IS NOT ONLY NOT FAIR, BUT LAGGY. That is why I rate it as one star. 😡😡😡😠👎👎👎 Edit: I also want to name my character too. Please add that update.

Awesome game i seen ever but their is one issue in the arena number players join in between can you make more difficulty in the game like arena will be minimized at a particular time and no one can join in between particular match so we can find a winner. Work on this

I really like the game. but i am annoyed. I've changed the color of my worms many times using coins. but every time I reopen, the worm's color changes to the previous color.

Super easy and way way too much fun. Love that I can play it before work. And if I want out. I don't have to save it. I can just find a small worm and kill my self for it to eat me.

the game is addictive and super fun. easy to get coins to custom made your worm looks and the best things about this game is that you can play it offline. keep up the good work dev.. 🤩

Very addictive game, hope the control will be more accurate and easy to turn left and right because when I reach top 1 it's hard to control.

Becomes extremely boring and easy when you realise you're just playing against ai. You can pause the game by going to your home screen. You can also play the game in airplane mode 👎👎👎

Would give five stars but randomly get kick from game for no reason. Just shows "wild spike" on screen and my session is over, which is really frustrating....

Why should player login to whether email or facebook, this game never save the data remotely just local phone storage. It will start all over again from zero when you reinstall the app.

This game is so addicted! But its a pity if we can only play it with bot. Please add a new feature that we can play the game together with friends. I believe its gonna be very exciting!!